Add README banner and skills.sh metadata (#76)
expo/skills: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/expo-skills.png" alt="Expo Skills" width="100%" />

> </p>

Reviewer: We can use the large surface to lead to docs https://docs.expo.dev/skills/ or loop back to the repo? 
(By default when you click the image the file view of the image opens.)

````suggestion
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.expo.dev/skills/" target="_blank">
    <img src="assets/expo-skills.png" alt="Expo Skills" width="100%" />
  </a>
</div>
````

Author: 💯

# Expo Skills

Official AI agent skills from the Expo team for building, deploying, upgrading, and debugging Expo apps.

<p>

>   <a href="https://skills.sh/expo/skills"><img src="https://skills.sh/b/expo/skills" alt="skills.sh installs" /></a>

Reviewer 2: how are the skills updated at skills.sh?

  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-official-000020" alt="Official Expo" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue" alt="MIT license" />
</p>

Skills give AI agents focused Expo knowledge: when to use Expo APIs, how to structure common workflows, and which Expo, EAS, React Native, iOS, and Android constraints matter. Expo documentation, Expo CLI, and EAS CLI remain the source of truth; these skills help agents apply them correctly.

## Installation

> Use the skills CLI if you want Expo skills available to any supported agent on your machine. Use a plugin install if you want to install Expo only inside one specific agent, such as Claude Code or Codex.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use a plugin install if you use Claude Code, Codex, or Cursor. Use the skills CLI if use other agents
```

personally i like plugin than skills because plugin covers auto-update. we may also mention `npx skills@latest update` in the doc for people to update skills

Reviewer 2: I agree, I'd just not mention Cursor there until the plugin is approved and released on their official marketplace

Author: great points, let's update the sections

| Path | Best for |
| --- | --- |
| Skills CLI | Cross-agent installs for Claude Code, Cursor, Codex, GitHub Copilot, Windsurf, Gemini, and other agents that load `SKILL.md` files. |
| Plugin install | Per-agent installs for Claude Code or Codex. |
| Cursor Remote Rule | Cursor users who want the direct GitHub-based install path. |

> ### Skills CLI Recommended

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Skills CLI (Recommended)
```

Install with the [skills CLI](https://skills.sh/docs/cli):

```text

> npx skills add expo/skills

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
$ npx skills@latest add expo/skills
```

- it's script
- may add latest because npx would use local cache than latest sometimes
- or use `bunx skills add expo/skills` because we mention bunx in the doc below

Reviewer: I would not add the `$` sign, it makes it harder to copy via the GH copy button.

```

This installs the skills for supported local agents using the open `SKILL.md` format.

For most agents, this is the only install command you need. Run it from the project root, then restart or refresh your agent session so it can discover the installed `SKILL.md` files.

### Claude Code Plugin

Add the plugin marketplace:

```text

> /plugin marketplace add expo/skills

Reviewer 2: No need to add the marketplace, expo plugin is already in the `claude-plugins-official` marketplace. We should use the official one

```

Install the plugin:

```text

> /plugin install expo

Reviewer 2: when using the official plugin we should be specific:
`/plugin install expo@claude-plugins-official`

```

### Codex Plugin

Add the marketplace:

```text

> codex plugin marketplace add expo/skills --ref main

Reviewer 2: dtto - we have the plugin in `openai-curated` marketplace - no need to add our obsolete marketplace.

user can either run:
`codex plugin add expo@openai-curated`

or open `/plugins` in Codex and install `expo` from the openai-curated marketplace.

```

Then open `/plugins` in Codex and install `expo` from the Expo Skills marketplace.

> ### Cursor

Reviewer 2: Since the skills.sh works for cursor I think we can remove this section completely - it's complex and will be obsolete anyway once we have the official cursor plugin in their marketplace. wdyt?

Install from GitHub:

1. Open Cursor Settings (Cmd+Shift+J / Ctrl+Shift+J)
2. Navigate to `Rules & Command` -> `Project Rules` -> Add Rule -> Remote Rule (GitHub)
3. Enter `https://github.com/expo/skills.git`

Skills are automatically discovered and used by the agent based on context. When you ask questions about Expo development, the agent uses the relevant skills based on their descriptions.

Skills do not appear in Cursor's `/` slash command menu. The `/` menu is for custom commands, not skills.

Verify installation by asking Cursor Expo-specific questions like:

- "How do I build a UI with Expo Router?"
- "How do I make API calls in my Expo app?"
- "How do I deploy my Expo app to the App Store?"

### Any Agent

```text

> bunx skills add expo/skills

Reviewer 2: this is equivalent to the skills.sh approach above, no? Just using `bunx` instead of `npx`. I'd remove it

```

> This extracts the skills individually, so you will need to manually upgrade them.

Reviewer 2: is this true? you can run `npx skills update` or `bunx skills update` to update them

### Maintenance

| Skill | Use it for |
| --- | --- |
| `upgrading-expo` | Expo SDK upgrades, dependency conflicts, deprecated packages, and cache cleanup. |

## Expo MCP Server

Skills teach an agent how Expo work gets done. The [Expo MCP server](https://docs.expo.dev/eas/ai/mcp/) gives it live access to actually do that work: read the latest Expo docs on demand, install compatible dependencies with `npx expo install`, trigger and monitor EAS builds and workflows, pull crash data from TestFlight, and screenshot a running app in the simulator.

The `expo` plugin bundles this MCP configuration, so Claude Code and Codex plugin installs wire it up automatically. For other agents, or to add it on its own, follow the [Expo MCP setup guide](https://docs.expo.dev/eas/ai/mcp/).

## FAQ

### Which agents are supported?

Use `npx skills add expo/skills` for agents that load `SKILL.md` files, including Claude Code, Cursor, Codex, GitHub Copilot, Windsurf, Gemini, Cline, AMP, Factory Droid, Antigravity, OpenCode, Kiro CLI, and similar tools.

### Should I install the skills or the plugin?

> Use `npx skills add expo/skills` if you want the skills available across supported agents on your machine. Use a plugin install if you only want to add Expo to one specific agent.

Reviewer 3: ditto if we would like to recommend plugin than skills cli
